“Darkness is evil. Shun it.” --Arnold Kemp
“Go die in a hole.” –-Arnold Kemp
“Walk softly and carry a boomstick.”
“The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.” --HPL
“We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far.” --HPL
“That is not dead which can eternal lie, And with strange aeons even death may die." --HPL
"They worshipped, so they said, the Great Old Ones who lived ages before there were any men, and who came to the young world out of the sky. Those Old Ones were gone now, inside the earth and under the sea; but their dead bodies had told their secrets in dreams to the first men, who formed a cult which had never died." --HPL
"Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man." --Nietzsche
“Beware that, when fighting monsters, you yourself do not become a monster...for when you gaze long into the abyss...the abyss gazes also into you.” --Nietzsche
"It is a measure of the degree of strength of will to what extent one can do without meaning in things, to what extent one can endure to live in a meaningless world because one organizes a small part of it oneself..." --Friedrich Nietzsche
"Though I drew this conclusion, now it draws me." --Friedrich Nietzsche
"Hope not ever to see heaven. I have come to lead you to the other shore; into eternal darkness; into fire and into ice." --Dante Alighieri
"Death may be the greatest of all human blessings." --Socrates
"Now I do not know whether I was a man dreaming I was a monster, or whether I am now a monster dreaming I was a man." --Zhuangzi
"We are what we think.  All that we are arises within our thoughts.  With our thoughts, we make the world." --G. Buddha
"Every battle is won before it is fought." --Sun Tzu
"The rules are simple: they lie to us, we know they’re lying, they know we know they’re lying to us, and we keep pretending to believe them." --Elena Gorokovo
"Is all that we see or seem but a dream within a dream." --Edgar Allan Poe
“From here on out, whenever you see the word ‘Cave,’ just go ahead and mentally add ‘... of Horrors.’” --Evan V. Symon & Kier Harris
"It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue." --Zork
"You are in a maze of twisty passages, all alike." --Adventure
“Losing is fun.” --Confucious, 501BC
"It's a trick, get an axe." --Ash
"The owls are not what they seem." --The Giant
"The carp stands up." --Tarn Adams
"The worthy GM never purposely kills players' PCs. He presents opportunities for the rash and unthinking players to do that all on their own." --Gary Gygax
"The books I write because I want to read them, the games because I want to play them, and stories I tell because I find them exciting personally." --Gary Gygax
"Somebody said they threw their copy of Dungeons and Dragons into the fire, and it screamed. It's a game! The magic spells in it are as real as the gold." --Gary Gygax
"Hail Satan!" --Gary Gygax
"Satanic panic is my favorite kind of panic, other than the one with bunnies." --Gary Gygax
"Use the Force, Frodo" --Dumbledore
"So long and thanks for all the fnord!" --the Jjaro
“Isn't sanity really just a one trick pony anyway? I mean all you get is one trick, rational thinking, but when you're good and crazy, oooh, oooh, oooh, the sky is the limit!” --The Tick
"Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside of us, and sometimes, they win." --Stephen King
"Even in dark times, we cannot relinquish the things that make us human."
"The things that came for him in the daylight resembled heat waves, mirages, and when they were done with him, he could no longer properly be considered a person." --Unattributed
The sun is no longer in its splendor - you are not protected by its rays.
Even the sun at its zenith cannot protect you from the Knowledge.
Ensure you do not play this game in direct moonlight.
This game is best played in the dark, with headphones, facing away from an open or unlocked door.
Do not store this game in an airtight container.
Store this game in a cool, dark place.
Warning: explosion risk.
Slowly... Quietly...
Don't speak while playing this game. They might hear you.
Note: If you crouch and walk quietly, you make it easier for them to catch you.
Note: You can sprint with the [Sprint key] key, but it won't save you.
Note: You can kick by pressing [Melee key]. You can melee attack with your weapon by holding [Main-hand secondary key] then pressing [Melee key].
Note: Melee attacks, jumping, mantling, climbing, and running all affect your stamina.
Note: Hold [Interact key] to drag things around. Bookcases, corpses, and doors are things.
Note: Press the [Off-hand switch key] key to cycle through items that can be held in the off-hand. Hold [Off-hand switch key] to swap items between hands.
Note: Look at the lightable portion of a light-source and hit [Interact key] to light it. Look at the holdable part of a light-source and hit [Interact key] to take it.
Note: Light is your primary resource.
Note: You must judge whether it's best to light up a room or keep it shrouded in merciful darkness.
Note: Don't let them spot you first. 
Note: Nobody likes a camper...because ambushes are highly effective.
Note: For a light-source in your main hand, hit [Main-hand use key] or, for the off-hand, [Off-hand use key], to light or douse it. [Main-hand secondary key] holds it forwards or swings it.
Note: Press [Main-hand throw key] to throw your main-hand item. Press [Off-hand throw key] to throw your off-hand item.
Note: Press the [Map key] key to open your map.
Note: Press the [Binoculars key] to see through your spyglass.
Note: Violence is always an answer, but not always the answer.
Note: Conserve your ammo. You're going to need it.
Note: Where no humans have tread, no ammo is to be found.
Have you considered: leaving the situation?
Note: If you can't accept a situation or change it, then leave it.
Note: Torches give off a lot of smoke and wreck your night-vision.
Note: Green slime will outlive us all.
Note: Swords don't really make a schink sound when you draw them.
Note: Leather armor is bullshit.
Note: Wear a helmet.
Note: Be sure to use protection.
Note: A gambeson can keep you warm despite the ravages of a cold, dead Earth.
Note: Running away like a coward is a valid option for cowards.
