Have you considered: abandoning all hope?
Have you considered: laying down and dying?
Space has a terrible secret.
While you are playing, you may experience light-headedness, drowsiness, or unexplained loss of time. That means it's working.
Note: Once you reach the game's five-hour mark, you'll begin to feel it.
Are you hollow yet?
Has your hole begun to be filled?
Do you feel a void in your life? Everyone does, whether they know it or not. Think about it.
Yes, I know you feel the emptiness.
There's something inside you trying to get out. Nod yes, you feel it. Now help it out.
Remember now that nothing in this game is a metaphor.
During the next two days, stop playing this game. Don’t start it up. Yes, this means two days without your ---- ---------. Yes, this means that, for two days, your will is not going to be with you. Don’t even think about it after the end of this sentence. Your will is being used for your good.
Note: Mirrors are for other people.
Sit in a dark room by yourself for at least an hour per day. Move around as much as you’re made to.
If you feel yourself developing a soul, go outside immediately and follow the direction of the smoke until you meet them.
Love the archons. When you hate them, they see you.
Did you know that some stars in the sky are dead, but we still see their ancient image?
Do you remember any events that didn't actually happen?
How many machine elves can you name?
Don't go outside next week.
It's happening.
Are you alive with the words?
What if there were another integer between 4 and 6?
Our number theory got it all wrong.
Did you know that comets can kill you?
A comet is like an eclipse for your life.
Comets still exist when you're not looking.
Some comets stay around after they're gone.
Some comets stay around after you're gone.
Faces are all in your head.
Greenwich Time is a global conspiracy.
All days occur simultaneously.
If you see graffiti of an owl-headed man, be sure to high-five it.
You do not recognize the bodies in the water.
Amenstics mean you never know how many horrific things you have done.
Repay all debts due before a departure.
If you are seeing this, you are still in the game.
When did you last wake up? How can you be sure?
Are you alive or dead right now? Can you be sure?
Stand in the ashes of a trillion dead souls, and ask the ghosts if honor matters. The silence is your answer.
Whose hopes and dreams do you encompass? Could you but see the eyes in your own, the minds in your mind, you would see how much we share.
Somewhere in the heavens, they are waiting.
Avoid opening your eyes when you are certain that the man in the corner is, in fact, now inches away from your face...watching...
Know the warning sides for Metaphysical Awareness Disorder.
Note: If you hear them, they've already heard you.
Note: Don't speak too much. You might accidentally reveal your fear.
Note: It's in the light.
Note: It is with us now.
Note: The moon came in.
Note: Your foolishness will be your legacy.
Note: The pink light strips away and takes from you. It takes that special part that keeps you there, in that first world, and brings you here.
Note: The pink light works on brains different from how bodies work.
Note: You no longer need to worry about sanity loss once it's gone.
Note: You do not want to see what's in there.
Note: These notes contain good advice.
